README.md, before:

# EasyDPF
The easiest DPF(Digital Picture Frame).

## Purpose

This is targeted to be used by myself on my Android based TV. I like to see my pictures (from my NAS server) on the TV screen, to use it as a very big DPF (Digital Picture Frame).
EasyPDF can meet my requirement and with simplest steps to use.

It scans one folder (URL like smb://192.168.0.2/photo) and display all the pictures inside that folder (and sub-folders).

## Usage

By default, it scans smb://192.168.0.2/photo. and start slides show of the pictures. Information of the picture will be shown on the top left corner.
Remote controler's DPAD can be used like:
* LEFT/RIGHT: prev or next picture in the list
* UP: trigger the rescan of the NAS folder to add new pictures
* DOWN: enter settings, with below options
	* set the IP address and folder name
	* set to the NNNth picture in the picture list, as a quick jump

## To do

1. LEFT/RIGHT key long press should be able to do the quick jump in the picture list
2. add a option to Clean Rescan of the NAS folder (means it will forget all the previous pictures and rescan)
3. Add a welcome screen to show how to use this app.
4. add the options to sort pictures by time, by folder.

## License

This project is distributed under the GNU General Public License Version 3 or greater.

Commit message:

Add todos for delete pic, rotate etc.

README.md, after:

# EasyDPF
The easiest DPF(Digital Picture Frame).

## Purpose

This is targeted to be used by myself on my Android based TV. I like to see my pictures (from my NAS server) on the TV screen, to use it as a very big DPF (Digital Picture Frame).
EasyPDF can meet my requirement and with simplest steps to use.

It scans one folder (URL like smb://192.168.0.2/photo) and display all the pictures inside that folder (and sub-folders).

## Usage

By default, it scans smb://192.168.0.2/photo. and start slides show of the pictures. Information of the picture will be shown on the top left corner.
Remote controler's DPAD can be used like:
* LEFT/RIGHT: prev or next picture in the list
* UP: trigger the rescan of the NAS folder to add new pictures
* DOWN: enter settings, with below options
	* set the IP address and folder name
	* set to the NNNth picture in the picture list, as a quick jump

## To do

1. -LEFT/RIGHT key long press should be able to do the quick jump in the picture list- Done
2. -add a option to Clean Rescan of the NAS folder (means it will forget all the previous pictures and rescan)- Done, use this as default behavior.
3. Add a welcome screen to show how to use this app.
4. add the options to sort pictures by time, by folder. Partially done, need to add EXIF time sort.
5. add keypad_down to delete files(how?), keypad_up to rotate files.

## License

This project is distributed under the GNU General Public License Version 3 or greater.
